welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name is karsten
let's do a couple things here
you know we haven't done doll making in
a while
if we serve this my encyclopedia because
i think
each type of item it doesn't matter what
it is
gives the same type of boost
so let's let's try sun powder
[Music]
maybe that one what should i use
what do we have here
[Music]
oh my alchemy drops does it interesting
change there
[Music]
these are good
let's see oh that's good spirit tears
what are these from
those are made
let's see here
[Music]
what was that let's see
what was that those are nice
let's see maybe some of these
that does grant more mp and stuff
[Music]
any one of them i think something new
will come from there
what's this let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
that's good
let's try that what about this though
maybe one of them let's see what's the
difference on these
it does reduce defense a lot let's see
what else can we
well maybe each one isn't the same
[Music]
hp is going down a lot though
what should i use
well hp doesn't go down as much with
those but i hate to waste one of them
that's actually pretty good more mp
oh and after modifying it's an new will
come from unknown
yeah let's let's do that
is this really okay yeah let's see what
that does
[Music]
i did it done that one looks cute
more mp a little bit less attack better
minimum
maximum damage do go up a little a
little bit less defense more speed
more input that's that's cool
what's it called
fluorite okay
[Music]
sure little elf look there
all right let's make should i make let's
go ahead and make this
material should i choose okay yeah i
only have one but it's an important item
only used for this probably um
sort by quality because it doesn't
matter for a plot item
let's see what do we have a lot of these
we can get a lot more of but
um yeah we'll do that
what do we have this generic that's
pretty generic
and where's some generic water
there we go
okay i'll try it
sure doesn't matter it really doesn't
matter
it's plot item oh this reaction is
interesting
oh hang on hang on
[Music]
okay for a second i'll try oh i was
hitting the wrong button i was going why
isn't it rotating i was hitting the
wrong
i feel like something great it was
really freaking out there it's like did
something break rotate on my best
cauldron
[Music]
do not want my best cauldron to break
doesn't matter for this item but still
well
yeah once we finish it it's good what
trick should we take oh right
it's done there we go
[Music]
hey plopta i tried making the item you
two made in the past
how did it turn out
this is this brings back memories
[Music]
i could tell just by looking that you
and laura worked really hard to make
this recipe
that's right we desperately read through
many books
gathered materials and finally managed
to create it
it was just an item created by amateur
alchemist though
i'm sure you can tell that it's still i
remember that
we found a new dream with alchemy
we believed that we could make people
happy by using it
this item was where it all started
i'm sure loi will remember the dream you
two shared if he sees that item
and when that happens you'll understand
he'll stop using ablation alchemy
[Music]
perhaps you're right but we'll need to
go face him to do so
at the library of all creation where
lord went
facta wait did you remember
yes i remember everything i believe
luward went to the library of all
creation
it's the place luarde and i used as our
atlear in the past
it's also the place where i fought luard
um do you know how you couldn't remember
that until the end
maybe it was because it was too sad what
do you mean
it's the place where you had to fight
your longtime friend right
i thought i was bringing back all your
memories to help you and make you happy
but it seems like i've just made you
remember how sad the past was instead
you're doubting yourself after all this
time
you made a promise to me you said that
you would help me regain
all of my memories it's true that some
of those memories are sad
but i was able to remember some things
that are even more important
i'm very grateful that you've helped
bring back all of my memories sophie
i was just a book yet you gave me a body
and brought back my memories you want to
bring happiness to not just me
but to luard as well someone who's
causing calamities
i don't think there's any way that i
could show you enough gratitude
i'm sure that one day you'll be able to
fulfill the dreams that we couldn't
reach
i know you'll be able to bring happiness
to many people using alchemy
that's yet another reason why i want to
protect your future sophie
will you come with me to meet luard
yeah of course let's go placta we'll
persuade lord
[Music]
sophie learn proficiency
pluck to learn synchronize
okay go meet luward let's uh not do that
right away
because i'm pretty sure that's gonna be
like final boss in the game stuff
just a hunch from the way things have
been going
now let's take a look
uh proficiency
reduces wait time after using items
and what did you get
[Music]
synchronize skill power and chain attack
up
cool
all right and did we have any
well just that one
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
oh great my headset i think there's a
loose connection somewhere in the audio
i'm only getting
well no it's it's still recording both
both sides on the recording so that's
okay
i can deal with on my end
all right let's go
[Music]
let's go talk to people
okay
[Music]
hello elise welcome sophie
oh i know would you like to take a quiz
a quiz yes a quiz of knowledge you might
need
i don't mind but why all of a sudden
i'm just a little bored today and then
you came along
that's about it so do you want to take
it
okay i got it i'll try and then let's
begin
are you ready uh what tool is used for
synthesis
uh cauldron
[Music]
yay okay next question
what do you bring when you go gathering
a basket
[Applause]
i was not ready for this quiz but as
long as they keep it easy like this i'm
okay
next question is the last one okay
what's the difference between effects
and traits
uh transferable
you did very well all right i got them
all right
i need to give you a prize
huh you're giving me something yes you
can have this
a bunch of little things i don't care
about thank you elise
well i mean considering how little
effort that quiz was i guess i
can't complain um
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see
uh here let's go talk to fritz
see if he has anything
fritz there's something i was wondering
about wondering about what
it's about your daughter you were
traveling with your daughter before
right
yeah that's right then where is she now
no idea no idea wait
you don't know yeah we were together
until a while back but
she wandered off somewhere while i was
eating she wondered oh
you're describing her like she's a cat
or something
cat huh in a way she's kind of like a
cat
what does that mean she's been terrible
with directions for years if i take my
eyes on her she just ends up wandering
off somewhere
i think that's beyond having a bad sense
of directions
anyway we've been separated several
times before but we always manage to
meet up again
i don't need to go and try to find her
she'll just show up out of nowhere
eventually
is that really okay
okay
[Music]
let's check over in the plaza
maybe this will be a cutscene heavy
episode this time
uh we do have a conversation here not
really something
thank you very much oh no thank you
you were most helpful hello monica
sir giulio
ah sophie hello sophie
what were you two doing i was having a
sword match with sir julio
a match after fighting together
i noticed that monica has splendid
swordplay i asked her if she would spar
with me
i see
after actually sparring with her i can
see that monica's use of her shield is
quite skillful
thank you very much however
most people who use quick sword
movements such as yourself
tend to evade rather than use a shield
why did you decide to use a shield
i'd be fine without one alone but when
i'm fighting alongside everyone
sometimes there's little room to move i
figured that having a shield for those
times would offer better protection
interesting why do you choose not to use
a shield
in my case there's a part of me who
doesn't like using shields
but i also stress offensive power
if you use a sword that's too light your
attacks may not deal significant damage
to certain larger opponents
this sword also makes blocking attacks
much easier
true a sword that large would probably
work well
exactly huh it sounds like swords are
pretty complicated
that's right i need to improve my skills
even more
sir giulio would you mind sparring with
me again sometime
of course you're more than welcome
anytime
i'll just keep working on my alchemy
i don't remember her using a shield but
okay if you say so
[Music]
let's see you have anything to say i
have more of the items i ran out of
buy lots of um
what you like these though don't you
tell you what i'm gonna buy one
and then give it to you or
you like these right if i'm remembering
right
yep you seen two
[Music]
let's see where should i go next
let's go to the street and talk to
people here
[Music]
welcome which one let's see
you like clothes right
come back
let's see
[Music]
yeah i'll give you one of these
don't dislike it okay i thought you
liked clothes
maybe i'm remembering wrong
you like milk
i tried acquiring what
which i can buy some of here
is this a thanks
grab some of that since it's good to
have
ooh what
it's limited there's only one it's
quality 100 medicine enhance
[Music]
uh but you know what i think i'm just
gonna
buy it thank you finish up that quest
i'm glad i checked there
yeah i'm gonna give you some
did i not buy milk material that's right
yeah you like that stuff and it's cheap
and let's go in here
[Music]
and finish that off finally welcome
thank you for coming
um which request will you accept
oh i can do that i can do that
don't have everything for that i'm not
yeah i'm not gonna make those for you
uh let's see
yes
[Music]
uh one of them there
sure
that yeah thank you very much
here is your payment princess grass i
don't get
nearly as much as i paid for it but i
want to just get that done
205 coal 10 vouchers
and nothing's out of the way
hmm can fight some of those hellgate
guys
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome how about rumors what do we have
here
[Music]
remember about lance store this is
probably something i already know
thank you very much she sells clothes
yeah
she sells clothing items you don't say
hmm
[Music]
yeah none of those look particularly
interesting
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
well i'll
[Music]
all right
uh let's go to
[Music]
let's talk to lodgie
launchy laji hey sophie
i brought something that could inspire
you like you asked before i did
really let me see ta-da here it is what
do you think
this is whoa this really is one of the
materials i was looking for
getting a picture for a new weapon
really that's good
thanks sophie i'll try using this to
make a new weapon now
hey i look forward to it okay
what was that that was the gear thing
where did i get that i forgot where i
even got that
i got it a while ago didn't know about
didn't know i needed to uh
didn't know that was it i guess i
haven't talked to him for a while
anyway um
[Music]
hey sophie i brought another material
that could inspire you please take a
look
really let me see ta-da here it is what
do you think
this is whoa this is the same thing you
showed me earlier
yay that's good thanks for all the help
i'll try making another new weapon
can i just keep showing him that same
thing nope okay
all right well what weapon do you think
there's anything new i can make that
yeah crimson stone okay
and i only have one harmonium too
[Music]
need crimson stone i need to figure out
how to make harmonium
[Music]
let's check the clock shop
oh sophie sorry but could you wait a
little while i'm in the middle of
something
oh okay i got it
[Music]
sorry for the weight no i don't mind
what were you working
on i was making gears for a clock it's
really delicate work
gears for a clock hey i've been
wondering about this but
why are you suddenly working as a clone
maker now
sounds like you were buying lots of
books about clocks at the lisa's shop
too
damn it elise why'd you have to go and
blab about it
guess i can't help it i'll talk i just
realized how unskilled i really am
huh what do you mean i told you before
right i had a lot of trouble making the
wind-up springs for plocta
you need to be able to easily make
springs at least or your failure as a
clockmaker
just thought i needed to study more i
see so that's why
is it really that weird for me to be
working as a clockmaker
no it's not i actually have a better
opinion of you now
[Music]
i see yeah do your best from now on too
all right
[Music]
what i wanted to do
[Applause]
okay what i should do
i should i can make one of those
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah can make uh
what was it
[Applause]
crimson stone since i need that
what material should i use let's see
what do these do
[Music]
i want things that go on weapons
increases skill power and mp consumption
now
[Music]
skill cost compress
increase skill power by 10 reduce mp
consumption by 10.
so that's good
[Music]
increase aggression
that's good
um
[Music]
let's see what's that does that go on
weapon reduces mp
consumption of all skills that's good
um
i threw that on because it's good
quality
and let's see
[Music]
yeah i want damage absorb
[Applause]
[Music]
damage observe plus um
yeah i think
unless there is
[Music]
dangers are plus plus
oh that one might be good
[Applause]
[Music]
let's see instead of that
let's do filter
[Music]
damage observe plus plus
that
[Music]
and for you
is this really okay
yeah children is bad okay then
let's start
this material goes here let's see
yeah this is going great
actually let's do this
yeah this is clear
[Music]
no um
[Applause]
[Music]
and let's see
[Applause]
we will do
all right this is going well
yeah it's going right
and there yeah it won't get up there but
that's okay
okay let's do
[Music]
[Applause]
that one
damage absorb
[Music]
that one might be good if i use it in
various items
[Music]
use count two is also good
hmm
[Music]
let's increase aggression damage absorb
skill cost compress
i think i'll do few and mini bonus
because that's not something i have a
lot and i have
several other things with skill cost
compress
the use count two is good
i wish i could see how many other things
i have that have used count
[Music]
[Applause]
too
i might throw in use count too because i
don't know how many other things i have
that have that
and this can be may no
i don't know if that can be made either
um
yeah we'll do a few and mini bonus
[Applause]
no uh
that's 10 let's go power by 10
mk consumption that's
increase aggression i can get from other
things
yeah i'll do that and use count
two and damage plus plus
yeah is this okay not necessarily
directly is useful for a weapon but i
can put more things into weapon
and those are rare traits i think
okay it's finished
all right now what i need to do
i hope i can register this
so i can get more of these since i made
that trouble of making it
i raped okay we want to go to
uh let's make sure that we have um
yeah i can overwrite this i got a bunch
of them
[Music]
do we only need to overwrite it oh good
i can register okay
yes okay yeah we'll overwrite them off
cut
okay and we will buy that one
[Music]
thank you okay
now once i figure out how to make that
metal i can go and make that
weapon
let's go back here
grab some generic water
hello wow you're real talkative
all right well let's go ahead and uh
end it for now hope you enjoyed thanks
for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play outlier
sophie my name is carsten
you might notice the time of day is a
little bit different i did a couple
things off screen not a whole lot
in fact i don't think i remembered to
equip everything
i made a
not realizing exactly what it would end
up happening
i made a slightly better
bomb did i make i did make it yeah as
count six multiply few and many bonus
and test destruction
the problem is i didn't realize that one
of the things it did
is this single target only
but good for bosses i guess
so i'll go ahead and equip that instead
of her current bomb
she has other things for aoes but
that'll be good single target
against anything that doesn't like fire
damage which is a lot of things
the other things that i did is i went
ahead and
equipped the shoes instead of the
feather because she has plenty of lp
and that's usually not an issue i made
better
gathering gloves and i made a better
victor's charm
so find lots of money instead of just
find money
and also has seal of chaos which makes
it easier for gathering level and enemy
level to increase as i gather and fight
more
in a particular area i did go back to
the verdant hill and i increased
everything to the max and gathered a
bunch i didn't i did the
i didn't save afterwards but as a test i
did that
and i still couldn't find that stupid
flower
so i don't know if that flower only
shows up in the post game or what
but uh other than that i mean that's
basically what i did off screen
uh better gloves better charm the
traveling shoes i made a while ago
and that bomb so do we have
any i need to go beat these guys there
are some on the puzzling path and i
think some other places
as well so let's go ahead and go to the
map
[Music]
and you know what let me see will i be
able to
no it's too late let me check the cafe
though
welcome see if there is any
[Music]
don't have any mystery elixir though
oh it needs okay i have plenty of those
now it needs specific traits
and i'm not giving you my rainbow puny
fluid in fact i should go get more of
that
welcome what rumor do um
i could get more of those
[Music]
well all right well let's just go to the
map for right now
that is the end game area i believe
we will not be going there quite yet
might go to the fallen palace because i
think it can fight some of those things
there husk forest
underground lake i'm just looking at all
the places where i can
find some of those things that i need to
fight
let's go to the husk forest don't
remember what's there
exactly
actually let's go to the fallen palace
and maybe fight that dragon again after
these guys
[Music]
let's see which
of these guys is it i need to beat up
hell gate
that is not hell gate
excuse me
this i think goes
are these hellgate yes they're hellgate
oh we should be okay uh we'll just
attack them all out
here i go save the items from maybe
fighting that dragon again if it's still
there
maintaining the offense moving i'll go
no you increased my attack oh no
[Music]
we did it it's a big win for us
that was two i think okay
just fight like we usually do and a
couple more
that should be fine for the uh
request
[Music]
yeah it's dead wide open
all right got a couple of those now what
does that
give us 1621
i wonder if i i'm just gonna see if any
more appeared but doesn't look like they
are
let's go ahead and go into here into the
reverse meeting room and there is a
dragon all right
[Applause]
give me your dragon
[Music]
i wonder are you weak to fire your red
you probably are not weak to fire but
i'll give that item i just made a try
oh i should do spirit weave cloth
and i should do this just to be on the
safe side
now increased damage taken by the enemy
and reduces enemy attack power or
increased base damage will increase base
damage
[Music]
okay
okay that will go off first
um hmm
let's uh release their attack power
[Music]
uh can we please get that maybe
okay that will go off before it does
[Applause]
let's
[Music]
hmm
let's go ahead and just spam a squall
shot
and we'll reduce your defense i guess
uh let's do that
in case she dies and also
give her regen though her items should
have an auto revive i'm impressive i
can't stop now
[Music]
okay
let's see
[Music]
you don't really have any
and i guess we can do that
[Music]
this is bad yeah well
[Applause]
i'll go ahead and use this
and go ahead and do blessing on her
just in case
i'll use this
[Applause]
[Music]
i'll use it i found out the skip speeds
things up if i hold down the x button
okay we killed it it's a little bit
tougher than last time i think
or i just didn't wasn't as prepared
that was a nice chunk of xp too
now please have something good all right
[Music]
now let's see
let's heal up sophie and
locked uh
[Music]
if i leave the room and come back will
it return
[Music]
no i probably have to leave the zone
let's see
[Music]
let's head out though to
where was that was it
the entrance or no
here is
blue sky altar
[Music]
i'm going to do a little bit of
gathering here
[Music]
let's see just to get some more
materials while i'm out here
[Music]
between that material level going up and
the gathering gloves and everything else
this
is uh not bad
though i have a ton of them things
yeah that's probably good i'll just grab
these
oh yeah a bunch of high quality of those
all right let's go ahead and
head back to the atlear
[Music]
[Applause]
i did
[Music]
now let's go
to the street
[Applause]
oh we got a scene over there it looks
like
[Music]
no can you sell me
not yet though i
might spy
[Music]
i might register another one of those
bombs because
that can be pretty nice let's see
no no i don't think i will
now i will talk to you guys in a minute
i want to go in here
let's turn in that request which request
will you accept
thank you very much
let's see
[Music]
archlitch those i can fight easily
may as well grab that
[Music]
and see
oh yeah sure
[Music]
um
[Applause]
let's see maybe
[Music]
[Applause]
that
[Music]
um that maybe
sure thank you
got a few more vouchers
i'll grab that too may as well welcome
not much reason not to
[Music]
let's deliver that since i made it
tess what do you think about this give
me a second i'll taste it
it's sweet and delicious that's good
you're amazing sophie it's really sweet
i'd want to put this on bread and eat it
every day
um that wouldn't be good i mean it's
medicine after all
but i think your little brothers
wouldn't mind taking this medicine
yeah don't doubt about that in fact
they'd probably want seconds
just don't let them have that drinking
too much medicine is poisonous
i know that i'm just saying how good
your medicine is sophie
thanks for this i mean it you made
something like this for my little
brothers
that's fine you're always helping me
you're such a good girl maybe i should
treat you to something nice
wow really yay of course
anyway come back to the shop anytime i
will
all right let's go back out here and
see what everyone's talking about out
here
[Music]
i really recommend these vegetables just
look at how lively they are
um i can't really tell that i don't know
about
what my son's saying but it's true that
i can specif especially recommend
today's vegetables
huh monica hello sophie
oh sophie welcome hey you're in luck
sophie today's vegetables are the best
i've seen in a while
really you really are a grocery oscar
if you can see things like that it's
less seeing and more hearing i'm just
listening to the voices of the
vegetables
vegetables tell me they grew under good
weather so they're really lively
you're saying that again there's no way
vegetables could talk
how do you know that there's even a
talking book now it would be weird for
veg
it wouldn't be weird for vegetables to
talk i
can't really respond to that if you
listen carefully you can hear them
you can hear the whispers of plants in
all kinds of places
oh i can kind of understand that feeling
sometimes i feel like i can understand
the feelings and the materials i use
sounds like you still have a ways to go
once you get to my level you can clearly
hear what plants are saying
huh that's really amazing i need to work
harder too
is that really how it works
uh not necessarily but sure
i have some
all right now what i actually need to do
is i need to figure out where rainbow
poonies are and maybe fight a few and
maybe get some uh more rainbow puny
fluid
so
if we go to monster
super poonie they're not rainbow ponies
they're super poonies
there's city of the lost
[Music]
okay
oh and i can fight some of those things
in open ruins on the way there
[Music]
what was it that i was fighting
ah enter chris rolls in those green
things if they see them there
where are you guys
there's one hey
we're gonna give this our all
yeah this should be no problem
[Music]
here i go gotcha there see holding down
x speeds it up
[Music]
okay i should be your opponent
all right another one of these guys
attacking maintaining the offense they
hardly put up a fight
all right not too bad can we get another
[Music]
just so i have a nice even three
no
maybe if i pick up a few of these things
[Music]
oh there's one i think where are you yep
there you are
[Music]
on your guard everyone this won't be
easy oh there's two guys now
great demon i want that 720.
yeah i'll use a charge of that
and we'll inflict blind
drilling shovel and tri-star
[Music]
i need to get better army for uh armor
for sophie
[Music]
now very owl
[Applause]
[Music]
that's um very owl
uh let's see can this go
[Music]
oh it's gonna get a move first
this isn't good
[Music]
uh we'll try to bring her back
it's effective immediately that won't
happen again
[Music]
okay yeah focus on him that's okay
really painful maybe
having the level increase a lot is not
as good an idea as i thought
um no not equipment basket
uh let's see
[Music]
let's see there
and
[Music]
let's see
at least mostly healed yeah that's good
enough
okay i am leaving
[Music]
where are we going next um
i'm gonna hope i don't get horribly
killed by rainbow ponies
[Music]
in fact i might because some of that's
good
i might just uh send everything back
just be on the safe side
all right now here's a super pony come
here
shouldn't be too bad
950 okay
i'm going to use that as a precaution
now
take that
reduce attack power increase damage
taken
here take this taste the power of
alcohol
that did not do nearly as much damage as
i hoped
[Applause]
[Music]
i'll go okay now it's almost broken
so if i
[Music]
go ahead and use this again
yeah we'll go with that
[Music]
please break uh not quite broken
[Applause]
there now it's broken up
[Music]
now please all right another rainbow
puny fluid
[Music]
now where's another one of those guys
here we go shouldn't be too bad
so what i'll do this time
is i'll use that as a precaution
actually
i'll go without it i will
[Music]
um yeah magic damage and high break
and
[Music]
there
go ahead and increase base
hit damage
my shovel can fly
yeah i'll be your opponent
come on
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
let's go ahead and do that
[Music]
there now this item
it'll be after a couple things so maybe
it'll be broken by then
i can't stop now it is all right
that was a good chunk of damage
[Music]
so they don't take enough damage
normally
but if i break them then they take a lot
[Music]
now i just need to find some more it's
annoying how rare that drop is though
um
maybe i'll grab something and
okay there's one
hopefully it's not super leveled from
that okay
okay inferior creatures let's end this
let's see okay so we will do aura break
[Music]
and skyfall and
we'll do squall shot and brave soul
all right take this
[Music]
i'll be your opponent
ah no attack oh well feels good
[Music]
all right so we'll do skyfall shovel
actually if we just do attack he'll be
there
white edge and
there we go
[Music]
an offensive item
[Applause]
[Music]
there we go we broke a sweat there
they're not dropping the rainbow puny
fluid which is
very annoying all right well i'll just
grab some other things here
uh probably go ahead and use that
[Music]
um
actually if i get the level up
[Music]
high
let's send all that back
since i did get one rainbow pony fluid
and let's see if i can
avoid you go around here
see if i can max out the
there we go now come here you
this is yeah i can risk it
okay inferior creatures let's end
now are you still uh you're still level
16 all right
fine
scroll shot brave soul sky fall
[Music]
i'll be your opponent come my shovel can
fly
[Music]
i'll continue
all right we got an attack in there this
[Music]
time
so yeah just attack attack
um
yeah just do a regular attack
and do skyfall and use that
[Music]
very nearly got it to break wide open
here i go and it's
[Applause]
taste the broken of alcohol
moving my body again is a good feeling
and still no rainbow puny fluid
that is severely annoying
[Music]
all right well we'll head back
i know there's another one there but
they were not dropping often enough to
be worth the trouble
[Music]
do i have a guest
answer
[Music]
sophie i brought you something great
today you should be happy
received a thank you gift
so it's wonderful isn't it anyway i
should get going
animal fur yes wonderful
that would have been nice at the
beginning of the game but um
oh fine let's see how fancy it's quality
81 with high price plus plus
not overly impressed
but for right now we will go ahead oh
let's
real quick go to the cafe
[Music]
and just turn that in while i'm thinking
of it which request will you accept oh i
need to go get the
triggers too but we'll do that later
1653 coal three vouchers welcome
i'll see you all right
back to grab a few more waters
it's raining
and we'll head back
and i hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name is karsten
what i'd like to do next because
actually let me double check that i
don't have any current requests or
rumors
i do have that but
what i like to do first
is i did get one more rainbow poonie
fluid
so i'd like to go ahead and make this
which material should i so let's see
[Applause]
oh pain in numbers hp mp boost multiply
high class let's see what these do
that's the yeah that'll won't do
anything with armor
now identified yet doesn't do anything
with armor
high class is high price so i don't care
about that
[Music]
uh this one pain in numbers
another one i don't care about for armor
though
that may be good
see that again is yeah
so let's do that and those
two let's see what does cutting thread
do again that won't help with armor
[Music]
let's sort by quality here
hmm
i don't think any of these will help
with armor
that would
does this go on armor yeah that can go
on armor so we'll do that
and that one
[Music]
maybe this
and let's see
what does crush dimension do that
doesn't help us any
that's for
[Music]
will this accessories well what does
now maybe
let's see here
[Music]
just trying to see what would be good on
armor here
[Applause]
maybe defense super enhance
is 94 quality
[Music]
it's not like i'm going to do it on
anything else probably
uh yeah we'll go ahead and grab that wow
which cauldron
[Music]
okay i'll try it and again
let's see
all right
[Music]
oh this reaction is interesting
looks kind of going great
uh we could have almost well no we still
wouldn't have had it on a 5x5
will this go well
yeah here's up to 121 quality what
traits should i transfer
now let's see what we want is
draw out power
maybe defense super enhance
hp and mp by 25
yeah i think those three okay
all right it's done
so that should help out a lot
[Applause]
now let's go ahead and register that
right away
so we have maximum time to
get it duplicated
and then i'm gonna see about making some
better armor for sophie because she dies
a lot
[Music]
let's clear out
we have more of those i'm going to
buy two of those right now
[Music]
and
yeah i'll just clear out the spruce
and the cloth thank you
um
[Music]
that is only usable by sophie
and i already have one
i'm gonna grab one more just in case i
have to use one in crafting or something
and then i will register our new
cloth
register our new cloth over
the magician's flute are you really okay
with this
okay now i might also want to
register one of these
[Music]
hmm
i don't like that high price one but
barrage attack is good
[Music]
now all stat boost can go on weapon
and it's a lot cheaper so i think i'll
go
decisions um
yeah i think i'll hold off i might try
to well no i can't remake it yet
i'll just hold off on things
now oh i need to re-buy the cloth that i
just registered
what are you doing
and let's see if i can make anything
good
for sophie with that
what armor do you want to make
need this sophie can wear that
wait did i make that and not equip it on
her
don't have a dust drop
dragon heart
[Music]
did i make that not equip it
i made it and did not equip it oh
because it reduces all our stats
because i need to boost it okay so let's
enhance
if i threw this on there
[Music]
you're sure right yeah
and let's enhance
it with
that does take a lot um
let's see
[Music]
just trying to see which this increases
speed a lot and defense
more and does cheaper to do
as well we'll throw on another floor
okay now if i go to equipment
that's what happens i forgot to enhance
it does reduce some of her stats but
increases ooh defense and speed
go up a lot very much worth it i'd say
and i can always enhance it more later
let's go over here
see if there's anything else worth
checking account i'm checking out here
um no
sorry well leon not going to do that
[Music]
it's kind of light
i can turn in some of these
[Music]
maybe that one
yeah thank you
this i can surely turn in
[Music]
thank you very
now we'll go defeat some of these guys
welcome
any interesting rumors
[Music]
is that rumor i think you'll see what
elise likes
she likes books what a surprise welcome
thank you for coming sophie what rumor
do you
is that rumor okay yeah i think that one
unlocks
some uh some items to craft so i will
definitely do that
pre-list alter okay welcome
i'll well i'll do that one first
[Music]
actually let me go to equipment here
instead of your single target ori bomb
we'll go ahead and use
[Music]
leave that one there you
though instead of magician's flute
you're going to get our undead killer
all right so let's go to the world map
[Music]
where can we go next
now where is that
[Music]
where was prayless altar
was it on lynson moore oh no it's up
here
on the small island that's right it's
hard to see that with it next to the
lake
[Music]
and we're right if we don't get
completely annihilated we're right next
to some places that have the
trigger for that other one all right
so prayless alter is in the next section
and it's probably that one at the end
excuse me
[Music]
oh no the other end north end
yep i see it up there excuse me
shouldn't be too bad yeah we've thought
that before
15 30. okay
first things first you hit that
um increase damage taken
spam squall shot and brave soul
[Music]
resist huh take this
i'll be your opponent come on
continue all right
i'm gonna go ahead and use angel's
whisper just to be on the safe side
[Music]
uh we use skyfall shovel again and
physical damage there
uh keep spamming that squall shot that's
probably gonna be our best overall bet
especially if we get some defenses in
there
[Music]
not to mention the heels
[Applause]
[Music]
got another heal and defense coming up
how we doing on there 1190 uh
use that bomb again
yeah we'll just keep up with these for
right now
um let's throw on the spirit weave
[Music]
clothes
here i go boom
[Music]
okay hopefully that'll help out
yeah i'll use that now you uh
relaxing herb there hopefully that'll
get her
healed up so it might die before then
[Music]
you'll be fine with this not quite
oh you bastard
i cannot hold back
i'll go first i'll take command
here
[Applause]
this is my
well that was nice
[Music]
don't pull those off very often but it's
pretty nice
now that does oh
that's nice
[Music]
this would be awesome on armor i will
have to figure out a way to incorporate
that into armor next time i
make some awesome armor
full of grudges ended and we got
ambrosia garland
and a generic shirt wow
that was awesome
[Music]
let's just head out to the next area
let's okay i just making sure that
monica did get healed up and she did so
we're good
[Music]
i'm just gonna head out from here into
what's our destination this area
hmm this is
all right so we're going to fight some
of these guys i'm going to go ahead
since i'll do some gathering here too
use that
[Music]
i shall be your opponent got a couple of
them right off
yeah i can only hit one of them i just
go ahead and attack
[Music]
attack there we go
can you hit two of them yes you can
can you hit yeah you can
and we'll do that there we go
[Music]
i'll continue
well we almost got him to help
not too bad
those aren't particularly impressive but
okay
okay just fight like we usually do
we got three of them in there
[Music]
and let's see
actually let me see which of these is
the which one is the one that is
queuing up there and that'll help all of
them if we do that
so
i'll take them all out
[Music]
all right down to one and it's almost
dead
wide
[Music]
all right and that check out took us up
to four on there
get some mediocre materials out of that
go but and just do a bit of gathering
while i'm out here
[Music]
a couple nice materials
how are we doing on the basket okay
we're doing fine on basket space
[Music]
let's grab a few more
uh we'll go ahead and send these back
why is that not selecting all of them in
between
i'm using the wrong button for this
now we'll send a bunch back
that was close
whoops we need to do our best didn't
mean to get into a fight
um we're gonna leave
[Music]
just staying here for a few more
materials
getting those nice high quality
materials is uh
pretty useful
one more
all right we'd have to fight some more
to get some more so we won't bother with
that
all right and return
[Music]
i did do i have a guest
answer get a crap little item
[Music]
sophie this is from me cause thanks for
always helping
[Music]
please use it however you like i'll be
going home now
a puny ball awesome ambrosia garland
that sounds cool okay
i should make some of these things
let's see can i so i can't sort by
level let's make one of these should i
use
[Applause]
now let's see
you cut mp consume
[Applause]
maybe allstat enhance those are red that
one
isn't um
and i guess we'll use some of these to
keep with the red theme here
is really okay
which cauldron is best okay now
let's start
[Music]
yeah this is good what we want to do
i think something good will happen
excuse me
and
that maybe
um
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
progress time didn't get that high but
not a lot we can do about that easily
the others are all maxed out
so that's good we'll go with that all
right
now now what traits to transfer
it reduces mp consumption by yeah yeah
let's go with that okay it's finished
i'm going to give that the plug to just
because of the other effects
um
[Applause]
i need two crystal balls for that that's
annoying
[Music]
um
oh man what does this do
it's a level 40 12 hours
requires a bunch of stuff should i use
[Music]
hp boost attack speed boost quality up
let's go with
that one
[Music]
allstate enhance is always good
[Applause]
[Music]
attack and speed boost
[Applause]
[Music]
this will go with all stat enhance and
let's see i guess
[Applause]
maybe that one
um
[Music]
i guess red is probably the easiest
thing to boost here
[Music]
is this really okay which cauldron is
best
okay then let's start
[Music]
not real happy with what's good will
happen yeah
calm blessing there
all right strong morning and
yeah this is going great embodiment of
the sun that's cool
what do we have there okay all right
this is going well
we'll put this one
right here i guess wait
this one is going to go
[Applause]
[Music]
put it there
[Applause]
[Music]
all right this is going well
and then we can put this one
i guess there
is this really okay
[Applause]
[Music]
is this really okay what's your best bet
what about
[Music]
is here really okay okay yeah we'll do
that one that gets
best on some of them doesn't get up on
calm blessing but
we got maxed out on the other three yeah
it's good what traits should i transfer
so all stand enhanced consume mp
and attack and speed boost
all right that's definitely a nice
accessory
got up to alchemy 44.
[Music]
now let me see what that does because
that's um
impressive let's see what all these do
reduces wait time after all actions
reduces speed increasing attack
chance to avoid ko
chance yeah
i think that goes for plopta now let's
see what this is no don't want to
discard it
greatly increases that when ailments are
removed
recover hp when are covering hp are in
months yeah
increases increases attack defense and
speed in the morning and day
[Music]
interesting
um yeah let's give that to sophie
just because she needs general boosts um
yeah i guess we'll do it instead of
there
now
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah i'll do that
now do you have anything that isn't
particularly good that one's good how
about you
[Applause]
hmm that may be good
[Music]
yeah we'll go with that setup may not be
perfectly optimal but
it's good decent
i think
we need to go and turn in some things
before i forget welcome
thank you for coming sophie which
request will you expect
yeah turn that in
thank you
[Music]
don't can't make that not gonna give you
dragon scales
i can give you beehives
[Music]
thank you and i'm not going to bother
with that especially since you weren't
drinking
sophie what rumor
um
[Music]
i already know what corey likes um well
i'll we'll go with that do you have
anything to say
no
anything worth grabbing
oh sure you can get honey syrup there
now
uh yeah i want a better source of those
rather than just
using vouchers on them
okay well that's it for now i think
we're getting really close to the next
alchemy level
[Music]
i wonder
nope i was gonna see if i could use the
uh
[Music]
wonder stimulant here and it won't let
me
[Music]
let's just talk to these now we already
talked to them
we'll just grab this while we're here
and that is it for now hope you enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play out your
sophie my name is carsten
what i want to do next i want to make
some of the more some more of the things
that we haven't made yet
[Music]
[Applause]
let's make one of these easy enough
a little bit quality up i guess and
maybe
[Music]
hp enhance those are yellow what do we
have here that's yellow
probably nothing but the gold thread
so i don't want to necessarily use up on
these
maybe
i'm mostly making this to make it
[Applause]
i'll do that one i guess and maybe
we own them
is this really okay which cauldron is
best
okay then let's start
yeah this is going great all right
this is going well
[Music]
this is great
yeah this is going great
is this really okay
all right now what straight is this okay
um
sure is this okay okay it's finished
what material it's a little 30. i want
to get
i should get start these by level that's
high level but it uses some
a bunch of stuff that one's really nice
but
i don't know if i necessarily want to
make more of these i haven't made
our fuel medicine material and
neutralizer
[Applause]
a bunch of stuff needs these they're a
little 27.
[Music]
what else can i make that's high level
elixir base
spirit tiers are high level
[Applause]
ceiling book i need a pendle groom
i might just go and grab another
level 35.
i could make a mystery elixir
let's see what do we have here
[Music]
not sure it's worth putting single bonus
on there because
it may i'm not sure if this is aoe or
not
i don't want count compress on
i there this is probably our best bet
now that's white so ideally i want to
use white colored things
dragon scales are
[Music]
number of targets times 10
that one may be good
[Music]
any of these others that are white
colored
don't necessarily want to use
um
[Music]
[Applause]
um decisions
i guess i'll throw that one on there
just to keep the uh oh i don't have
white i don't think there's a white uh
neutralizer anyway
[Applause]
so i think i might be best off sticking
with red
i'll sort by category value here
do that one
and that one now we do have
red of these right somewhere yeah we
have these
i guess there
is this really okay which cauldron that
is
not a great layout okay then let's start
[Music]
that is a particularly bad layout
in fact
[Music]
i guess that's going to be our best bet
there's going great
hmm
[Music]
maybe that all right this is going well
now let's see
i'm gonna be overriding a bunch of stuff
here which is really annoying
is great
[Music]
yeah this is going great no it's not
really going great but
you just keep thinking that sophie
maybe if we put this there
all right this is going well
right this is going well and then
[Music]
there
is this really okay
now because i don't want
auto activate so i actually want to do
is going great
[Music]
yeah this is going great
all right this is going well
[Applause]
maybe followed by that
this goes here
okay it's not perfect but it's not auto
activate
we have some decent effects on there
[Music]
[Applause]
that one's good that one's really good
um
[Music]
i think full of life big recovery
use count plus two is this okay
[Music]
okay it's finished that gets us
27 of hitting next level
[Music]
what else can we make that's higher
level that we want
[Music]
i could go ahead and make that
i think i will then we'll register it
before i turn it in
what material should i use
now let's see maybe
maybe recovery up i guess and
well those are the good ones um
we'll grab a use count plus two those
well
there's some other good stuff on there
i'm not sure i want to use that
[Applause]
there's not a lot else here
maybe that one
and that i guess
[Music]
[Applause]
critical and
fixed recovery i guess which cauldron is
bad
okay then let's start
yeah this is going great
[Music]
so that'll go there
yeah this is going great
[Applause]
and if we put
not there
if we put this one
here yeah this is going great
no
that there all right this is going well
all right this is going well
[Music]
is this really okay
sure okay
what traits should i add
[Music]
i'll do uh critical
fix recovery and fix recovery plus plus
[Applause]
yeah and we can make a philosopher's
stone
[Music]
whoa
okay let's
no we can't register that yet but i do
want to register it before we turn it in
just to make sure
i want to make that philosopher's stone
thingy
because interesting
you need to buy them another crimson
stone five fill your ash
okay i can do that what kind of stuff
should i make
what's the cheapest thing to make
maybe bird medicine or
neutralizer g
[Music]
okay so we're gonna sort by quality
now let's sort by
value i guess
now let's sort by obtained maybe
[Applause]
[Music]
you let's see
you and you
and you and you now what we will do
is we will do this in the expert
cauldron
okay i'll try it and we're just gonna
sit here for a minute this reaction is
interesting
[Applause]
because if we wait here
then that should give us a failure ash
[Music]
it's going to be five minutes of waiting
i uh
let's make sure this works once and then
i may just do the rest off screen
oh i made four of them awesome
how's this cool
let's uh let's do that again what
material should i choose what do we have
that's garbage
well maybe one of those
we're gonna use that probably
this go wow which cauldron and we'll uh
okay i'll try it
[Applause]
we'll wait another minute and that
should give us probably four more it's
probably one for each of the materials
i don't know if i have to have one
placed in order to get the ash or not
all right this looks great
[Music]
oh this reaction is interesting
i won't bother skipping